Index (beta1.x)
by YNOP

Well, this is a niffty little app that add/removes and shows Indexs on your BeVolumes. It is prity much the same as lsindex/rmindex/mkindex but it is a GUI and its kewl, so use it and have fun.  

This was originaly G_McLeods Idea. I coded it up. So if you though I was kewl and came up with this you are wroung. Though I am kewl .. I just code like a mad man. So if you have any questions about this app send them to me at ynop@acm.org. But dont forget to tell G_M thanks too.

WARNING this program edits/adds/removes Indexs that are on your disk. I t can be verry usefull - but it can also desktroy some things. Becaufull .. I am NOT resopnsible if this app does not work as advertived nor am I resonsible if the app works as advertised. In other words "UAYOR"  (Use At Your Own Risk) 

Ideas:
	Copy indexs to dif volume
	Drop file on and list its Indexs 
	Restore/Save indexs (backup)
	If volume roster changes while running we should update
	Cros ref with file attributs ..

Ver 1.0 Beta 1.8:
	Now you can specify what type you want the index to be
Ver 1.0 Beta 1.7:
	Added in support for R5. They added some system indexes we need to check for.
Ver 1.0 Beta 1.6:
	At the request of some people (you know who you are)  I redid the delete key function
	Delete key is much more flexiable now.
	It also has more error checking .. that works .. in it.
	The big thing is you can now delete Groups as a whole
	Totaly rewrote the delete methods
Ver 1.0 Beta 1.5:
	Fixed bug so that we are on the right device number.
	Now you can chage the Volume you want to Index
	Added some more error checking so you don't delete system indexs
	Fixed some other little stuff
Ver 1.0 Beta 1.4:
	Added docs for coders to jump to BeBook C functions
	Added a jump to my page thingy too
Ver 1.0 Beta 1.3:
	Added worker code
	We now actauly write to the disk.
Ver 1.0 Beta 1.2:
	Tested the heck outa the GUI code seems to work rigth
	I want to make shur GUI works befor actally messing with the BVolume
	We canot delete a Main Group - for now I gess
	If we dell all the items in a group. It does not auto go away but we can then del it
	Added item remove
	Added item add.
	Everthing works in GUI now.
	Just have to add the real remove/add code
Ver 1.0 Beta 1.1:
	Cleaned up alot of code.
	Fixed up the GUI. 
	Added in the add and remove buttons (no func though)
	Lots of little stuff here and there
Ver 1.0 Beta 1.0:
 	Ok ... uh .. it has a list of all the Indexes .. niffty list too :)

YNOP
ynop@acm.org  
TheAbstractCompany
http://www.latech.edu/~jta001/BeOS/index.html